The ground trembles as an army of 130,000 strides onwards. A continous noise of thousands of feet trampling the ground beneath it, like a giant snake sliding smoothly across the lands.
Up close it's the sound of chainmail and armor clashing together which overpowers all other sounds. The creaking of wood of the catapults can be heard only faintly and the growlsg and grunts of the war animals are all but drowned out completely.
The soldiers are chatting away, noise or no noise the soldier need to take their minds of of what's ahead, talking is the best way to do so. The army is a mismatch of isolated groups, but they'll work together as they share the same goal: Destroy the enemy and make it back home.
The front is lead by eager charge units armed with huge maces and axes. They're followed by bomb throwers ready to unleash hell, who in turn are followed by elite sword cavalry.
The ranks are filled with many other regiments, including allied soldiers, as well as slave soldiers, including different types of archery units, units of war animals, several bomb units and stealth units.
The ground trembles as an army of 150,000 strides along as one. Thousands of feet, all moving as individuals, even the dead can feel there's an army on the move.
Up close it's the clanging of heavy armor which overpowers all other sounds. The creaking of metal of the siege engines and supply carts can be heard only faintly and the voices of the soldiers are all but drowned out completely.
The soldiers are talking to each other despite the barrage of noise around them. Most speak of home, others speak of a longing for the battle ahead. The army is a mismatch of isolated groups, but they'll work together as they share the same goal: Destroy the enemy and make it back home.
The front is lead by eager footsoldiers armed with swords, shields and pikes. They're followed by cavalry armed with several swords, who in turn are followed by elite swordsmen on horseback.
The ranks are filled with many other regiments, including allied soldiers, as well as slave soldiers, including various charging units, several defensive units, several cavalry units and various flanking units.
The union of Suvania. Built upon the friendship, solidarity and wisdom of its past, this union is now among the most bleak countries in its corner of the world.
Their trade, fuel production and education are among its current greatest strengths. Unfortunately they lack a lot in food production and export.
Suvania is a totalitarian union. There are little to none opposing groups against the current leadership and this doesn't appear to be changing any time soon.
However, the current greatest threat to the nation is a huge forest fire, but the current leadership can't do anything more to solve this issue.
The people of Suvania are pessimistic. They live hopeless lives, but while food production is really lacking, their trade helps relief some of their issues.
Religion holds quite some importance in their lives and, if anything, has made them more gentle. The people of Suvania are quite spiritual as well and they have an abundance of celebrations and ancient traditions.
The state of Docor. Built upon the resourcefulness, ingenuity and trust of its past, this state is now among the most bleak countries in its corner of the world.
Their literacy, fuel efficiency and medicine are among its current greatest strengths. Unfortunately they lack a lot in trade and sustainability.
Docor is a republic state. There are some opposing groups against the current leadership, but this is a fairly recent development.
However, the current greatest threat to the nation is a conflict with a neighboring country, but the current leadership lacks resources to solve this issue.
The people of Docor are unhappy. They live cruel lives, but while trade is really lacking, their literacy helps relief some of their issues.
Religion holds barely any importance in their lives and, if anything, has made them more adventurous. The people of Docor aren't very spiritual either and they rely more on nature and science.
The country of Ebastana. Built upon the strong minds, rare resources and distrust of its past, this country is now among the happiest countries in its corner of the world.
Their hygiene, trade and infrastructure are among its current greatest strengths. Unfortunately they lack a little in clean water and public health.
Ebastana is a feudal country. There are some opposing groups against the current leadership, but all this could change in a second.
However, the current greatest threat to the nation is aggressive wildlife, but the current leadership is too preoccupied with other issues to solve this issue.
The people of Ebastana are quite happy. They live terrific lives and while clean water might be lacking, their hygiene helps relief most of their issues.
Religion holds a fair deal of importance in their lives and, if anything, has made them more friendly. The people of Ebastana aren't spiritual at all however and they, but they do have many special ceremonies and beautiful customs.
In Prixa, magic comes from within. All living beings possess magical energies within themselves, but despite having magical powers within them, not all beings are able to utilize them. For better or worse, life has changed drastically as a result of all these magical energies and the limits are far from discovered.
More and more research is being put into discovering what the limits of magic are and what the most efficient ways of using magic are.
In Wolrantis, magic comes from a pantheon of gods. As if bestowing mankind with godly powers as well, each human is granted magical powers and it acts as a warning to not cross the gods for there's far more power beyond what mankind has given. Not all gods are the same, however, and some seek to destroy others by granting their own followers more powers to fight the followers of other gods.
Some are looking for ways to please the gods in an attempt to gain more powers, but so far none have managed beyond the main characters in myths and legends.
In Nexover, magic comes from unseen deities. All those they deem worthy are granted magical abilities; if they prove themselves even further, more powers may be granted. The most devoted see themselves as greater in the eyes of their gods and will use this as an excuse to destroy those who oppose one god or another.
From time to time a god will grant a random person powers in order to see how others will react. Oftentimes people will replicate the behavior of this chosen random.
In Vemor, magic comes from relics. There are only a few artifacts, but they grant their power to all those who get into contact with them so in theory it'd be easy to spread the power to everybody in the world. There have been periods in time where one nation had a monopoly on the majority of artifacts, but there's now a balance in order to prevent wars.
A handful of people throughout time have warned of dark powers being part of these artifacts and that spreading their influence to everyone could be the downfall of all.
In Kolyra, magic comes from powerful relics. As if some kind of key, these artifacts unlock powers within those who touch them even a baby could unlock hidden powers with a single touch of an artifact. Artifacts are cycled between nations to ensure all powers are shared among all people, at least if a nation is willing to share it with their people.
The artifacts eventually run out of power, but more are found from time to time so nobody seems to care too much about this.